README.md, before:

# enchantedmilkshakes
The best Minecraft mod ever.

## Contents

List of things in the mod:

### Fries

Fries is a food item. You can get it by putting a baked potato in a stonecutter. When you eat it, you get crumbs.

### Crumbs

You're such a messy eater. You get crumbs whenever you eat another food item. Nine crumbs can be crafted into a sliced bread.

### Sausage

Sausages are a food item that can be crafted into hot dogs.

### Sliced Bread

Sliced Bread is half as good as bread. You can get it by putting bread in a stonecutter, and you can use it to craft many things in this mod.

### Hamburger

You can craft a hamburger from 1 steak and 2 sliced bread. It's just a normal hamburger. Yum.

### Hot dog

Hot dogs are delicious items crafted from 1 sausage and 2 sliced bread.

### bottlexp

/bottlexp is a command that turns your experience into bottles of enchanting! Yay

### Milkshake

A milkshake is an item used primarily to create enchanted milkshakes. You can craft it with one sugar, one milk and a cow soul!

### Enchanted Milkshake

Enchanted milkshakes are ranged items that, when thrown, deal 1,300 damage to whatever you hit. They're really powerful, but surprisingly hard to aim.

### Cow Soul

A cow soul is a very rare drop from cows. It is used to craft enchanted milkshakes.

### Fast Food

Fast Food is an advancement that activates once you are able to convince your parents to get you fast food.

### Sandwich

A Sandwich is crafted from one carrot and two sliced bread, and is literally a witch made of sand.

### Chocolate Bar

A Chocolate Bar is crafted from siz cocoa beans. It either gives you a lot of bad effects, or a lot of good effects. And there is a 1% chance that you fly into the air.

### Ice cream

Ice cream is crafted from blue ice, sugar, and milk. It's used to craft ice cream sandwiches.

### Ice cream sandwich

Ice cream sandwiches are crafted from 2 sliced bread, a chocolate bar, and an ice cream.

### Bob

Bob is a boss mob that attacks you with enchanted milkshakes! He looks like a villager but is black and white. He attacks players and parrots, and only spawn naturally in the outer End islands and in swamps. (A Bob Spawn Egg is available.)

### Kahoot Disc

A new music disc: The Kahoot Lobby Music!

### ULTIMATE SANDWICH

The ULTIMATE SANDWICH is an amazing item. Eating it gives you Absorption, Regeneration, Fire Resistance, and Resistance, plus it has a 10% chance to duplicate each item in your inventory. But it's hard to craft: You need 5 ice cream sandwiches, plus two normal sandwiches, to craft it. Combining one with a chorus fruit in the crafting table gives you an elytra!

Commit message:

Version 2
Added:
- Fluid: Mud
- Entity: Good Thing
- Biome: Weird Biome
- Structure: Happy Face
- Structure: Ore Tower

README.md, after:

# enchantedmilkshakes
The best Minecraft mod ever.

## Contents

List of things in the mod:

### Fries

Fries is a food item. You can get it by putting a baked potato in a stonecutter. When you eat it, you get crumbs.

### Crumbs

You're such a messy eater. You get crumbs whenever you eat another food item. Nine crumbs can be crafted into a sliced bread.

### Sausage

Sausages are a food item that can be crafted into hot dogs. You can craft then with three cooked porkchop.

### Sliced Bread

Sliced Bread is half as good as bread. You can get it by putting bread in a stonecutter, and you can use it to craft many things in this mod.

### Hamburger

You can craft a hamburger from 1 steak and 2 sliced bread. It's just a normal hamburger. Yum.

### Hot dog

Hot dogs are delicious items crafted from 1 sausage and 2 sliced bread.

### bottlexp

/bottlexp is a command that turns your experience into bottles of enchanting! Yay

### Milkshake

A milkshake is an item used primarily to create enchanted milkshakes. You can craft it with one sugar, one milk and a cow soul!

### Enchanted Milkshake

Enchanted milkshakes are ranged items that, when thrown, deal 1,300 damage to whatever you hit. They're really powerful, but surprisingly hard to aim.

### Cow Soul

A cow soul is a very rare drop from cows. It is used to craft enchanted milkshakes.

### Fast Food

Fast Food is an advancement that activates once you are able to convince your parents to get you fast food.

### Sandwich

A Sandwich is crafted from one carrot and two sliced bread, and is literally a witch made of sand.

### Chocolate Bar

A Chocolate Bar is crafted from siz cocoa beans. It either gives you a lot of bad effects, or a lot of good effects. And there is a 1% chance that you fly into the air.

### Ice cream

Ice cream is crafted from blue ice, sugar, and milk. It's used to craft ice cream sandwiches.

### Ice cream sandwich

Ice cream sandwiches are crafted from 2 sliced bread, a chocolate bar, and an ice cream.

### Bob

Bob is a boss mob that attacks you with enchanted milkshakes! He looks like a villager but is black and white. He attacks players and parrots, and only spawn naturally in the outer End islands and in swamps. (A Bob Spawn Egg is available.)

### Kahoot Disc

A new music disc: The Kahoot Lobby Music!

### ULTIMATE SANDWICH

The ULTIMATE SANDWICH is an amazing item. Eating it gives you Absorption, Regeneration, Fire Resistance, Resistance, and 5 experience levels, plus it has a 10% chance to duplicate each item in your inventory. But it's hard to craft: You need 5 ice cream sandwiches, plus two normal sandwiches, to craft it. Combining one with a chorus fruit in the crafting table gives you an elytra!

### Mud

Mud is a fluid. It is brown, and flows slowly.

### Good Things

A Good Thing looks like a chicken, but it has red spots. Good Things attack bad things with Enchanted Milkshakes.

### Weird Biome

The Weird Biome is weird. It's a desert-like biome that has lakes of mud, happy faces, "ore towers", shipwrecks, fossils, and ocean ruins. It generates only in the Overworld, but it contains bastion remnants and end cities. Have fun! :P
